This is a fixed gear road bike, custom-built around a hand-crafted Reynolds 853 Robin Mather frame. There's been no expense spared when building this bike. Robin's basic frames are an eight month wait and cost around £1600. This frame goes much further with carved Pacenti lugs, a polished stainless steel Pacenti fork crown and Pacenti drop outs. If new, I think the bike would cost around £3500 to build today.

The hubs, bottom bracket and 'kiss-off monster' rear wheel nuts are Phil Wood, the seat post, bars and stem are Nitto. The headset is Dura Ace, the crank and ring are Sugino 75 + Zen (NJS). The wheels are Mavic CXP33, the seat is a titanium Brook's Swift. The tyres are Armadillos, ridden twice. I use Crank Brothers Candy pedals and they can stay on, if you want. 

Robin's original build photos and geometry are available here: http://josswinn.org/fixie/mather/frame/mather.html Please browse that site carefully. 

The full up-to-date spec for sale is here: http://josswinn.org/fixie/mather/Robin_Mather_Bike.txt Some of the photos on my website show other components, which I no longer have. 

Why am I selling such a beautiful bike? Since changing jobs five years ago, I've hardly ridden it as I no longer commute by bike. It's been stuck in my shed and it depresses me to look at it sit unused. Realistically, I can't see myself riding it much for the foreseeable future and the money would come in useful.

The condition of the bike is very good/excellent - it was only ridden regularly for three years. The photos on my website were taken in 2004, when the bike was new and there are a handful of paint chips/scratches on it now, but no real damage. There is a scratch on the top bar where handlebars swung into it, which I have covered with tape. When I was riding it regularly, I cherished this bike and cleaned it after every wet ride.

If you win the auction, I'd like you to see it before you pay for it. I can meet you half way between Lincoln, where I live, and where you live (within reason). 

Please contact me <joss@josswinn.org> with any questions or requests for photos you want me to take. Thanks.
